add document for `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` (#2856)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-analyze-status.md

---
title: SHOW ANALYZE STATUS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW ANALYZE STATUS for the TiDB database。
category: reference
---

# SHOW ANALYZE STATUS

> The `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement provides the statistical information collection task being executed by TiDB and a limited number of historical task records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement shows the statistics collection tasks being executed by TiDB and a limited number of historical task records.
```
